[Docs] add an example use for `StableUnCLIPPipeline` in the pipeline docs (#2897)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/stable_unclip.mdx

	* [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip](https://hf.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip)
	* [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small](https://hf.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small)
* Text-to-image 
	* [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small](https://hf.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small)

### Text-to-Image Generation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable unCLIP can be leveraged for text-to-image generation by pipelining it with the prior model of KakaoBrain's open source DALL-E 2 replication [Karlo](https://huggingface.co/kakaobrain/karlo-v1-alpha)

```

prior = PriorTransformer.from_pretrained(prior_model_id, subfolder="prior", torch_dtype=data_type)

prior_text_model_id = "openai/clip-vit-large-patch14"
prior_tokenizer = CLIPTokenizer.from_pretrained(prior_text_model_id)
prior_text_model = CLIPTextModelWithProjection.from_pretrained(prior_text_model_id, torch_dtype=data_type)
prior_scheduler = UnCLIPScheduler.from_pretrained(prior_model_id, subfolder="prior_scheduler")
prior_scheduler = DDPMScheduler.from_config(prior_scheduler.config)

stable_unclip_model_id = "stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small"

pipe = StableUnCLIPPipeline.from_pretrained(
    stable_unclip_model_id,
    torch_dtype=data_type,
    variant="fp16",
    prior_tokenizer=prior_tokenizer,
    prior_text_encoder=prior_text_model,
    prior=prior,
    prior_scheduler=prior_scheduler,
)

pipe = pipe.to("cuda")
wave_prompt = "dramatic wave, the Oceans roar, Strong wave spiral across the oceans as the waves unfurl into roaring crests; perfect wave form; perfect wave shape; dramatic wave shape; wave shape unbelievable; wave; wave shape spectacular"

images = pipe(prompt=wave_prompt).images
images[0].save("waves.png")
```
<Tip warning={true}>

> Note that the details of using [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip](https://hf.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip) is unclear to us as of now, so we don't recommend its use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For text-to-image we use `stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small` as it was trained on CLIP ViT-L/14 embedding, the same as the Karlo model prior. [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip](https://hf.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip) was trained on OpenCLIP ViT-H, so we don't recommend its use. 
```
